org.gnome.desktop.interface menus-have-icons false
org.gnome.desktop.interface cursor-blink-timeout 10
org.gnome.desktop.interface gtk-color-palette 'black:white:gray50:red:purple:blue:light blue:green:yellow:orange:lavender:brown:goldenrod4:dodger blue:pink:light green:gray10:gray30:gray75:gray90'
org.gnome.desktop.interface gtk-timeout-repeat 20
org.gnome.desktop.interface automatic-mnemonics true
org.gnome.desktop.interface toolkit-accessibility false
org.gnome.desktop.interface cursor-theme 'Adwaita'
org.gnome.desktop.interface gtk-im-module ''
org.gnome.desktop.interface clock-show-seconds false
org.gnome.desktop.interface can-change-accels false
org.gnome.desktop.interface cursor-blink-time 1200
org.gnome.desktop.interface toolbar-detachable false
org.gnome.desktop.interface enable-animations true
org.gnome.desktop.interface menubar-detachable false
org.gnome.desktop.interface toolbar-style 'both-horiz'
org.gnome.desktop.interface toolbar-icons-size 'large'
org.gnome.desktop.interface show-input-method-menu true
org.gnome.desktop.interface icon-theme 'Adwaita'
org.gnome.desktop.interface gtk-timeout-initial 200
org.gnome.desktop.interface scaling-factor uint32 0
org.gnome.desktop.interface clock-format '24h'
org.gnome.desktop.interface buttons-have-icons false
org.gnome.desktop.interface monospace-font-name 'Monospace 11'
org.gnome.desktop.interface text-scaling-factor 1.0
org.gnome.desktop.interface clock-show-weekday true
org.gnome.desktop.interface menus-have-tearoff false
org.gnome.desktop.interface gtk-im-preedit-style 'callback'
org.gnome.desktop.interface show-unicode-menu true
org.gnome.desktop.interface cursor-blink true
org.gnome.desktop.interface gtk-theme 'Adwaita'
org.gnome.desktop.interface gtk-key-theme 'Default'
org.gnome.desktop.interface gtk-im-status-style 'callback'
org.gnome.desktop.interface gtk-enable-primary-paste true
org.gnome.desktop.interface cursor-size 24
org.gnome.desktop.interface show-battery-percentage false
org.gnome.desktop.interface menubar-accel 'F10'
org.gnome.desktop.interface gtk-color-scheme ''
org.gnome.desktop.interface clock-show-date false
org.gnome.desktop.interface document-font-name 'Sans 11'
org.gnome.desktop.interface font-name 'Cantarell 11'
